---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

# Humanitarian Project

The project that my group evaluated for the in-class assignment, OpenMRS, is clearly humanitarian. OpenMRS aims to improve health care delivery in the developing world where healthcare is lacking. It is a general purpose electronic medical record system that was first developed due to the need to scale up HIV treatment in Africa. This is one of the most humanitarian projects I've come across, and I would definitely like to contribute to it after classes end. 
Other open source projects I've come across are not particularly humanitarian- they just exist to make the lives of people on the internet or other fellow developers easier. I think that's great for the people that have access to the internet and even more for developers. But those people only make up a part of the world's population. About 78.6 percent of North America's population has access to the internet, but only about 15.6 percent of Africans have internet access. Thinking globally, how many people do you think are coders? Very few. Using Webster's definition, you might say these projects that help such specific privileged subsets of people are humanitarian, but how humanitarian can it if it "improving the lives" of such a limited pool of people?

# Progress

Our group is having a hard time finding issues to work on in PDF.js. We understand how it works on a base level using the guide on the PDF.js website, but many of the issues deal with things much above the understanding we have of this code base.
I will attempt to become more familar with the code base by looking at old issues and their fixes, and try to find an issue we can work on. 

