---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


##Open Source
  When I hear the term "open source", I think of github and code bases that are freely available on it. I also think of a community of coders that are very devoted to coding, or the cause they are coding for. 
  One advantage of open source projects is that the greater number of developers working on it results in less bugs. More pairs of eyes results in bugs to be found quicker and fixed quicker. Each developer approaches a problem in a different way, so even if one developer's approach in fixing a bug does not work, another developer's approach might work.
  Another advantage is that users themselves can be co-developers. If they see a see a problem with the software, they can fix it themselves since the source code is available. A possible disadvantage is that the software is developed more according to the developers' direction rather than the needs of the end user.

##Projects

######VLC Media Player
  VLC Media Player is a simple media player that I use to play videos. It had a very simple interface, plays most video formats, and automatically associates .srt files with the correct video. The alternate is Windows Media Player, but I prefer VLC's more simple interface.

######VirtualBox
  VirtualBox is a hypervisor that I use to run Ubuntu on. It's a simple virtual machine that works perfectly. Alternatives would be VMware or Parallels but I do not need any more features that what VirtualBox already provides.

######GIMP
   GIMP is a image editor I use for editing and resizing images. It does its job and I don't need more advanced features than what it provides. Therefore there is no reason for me to use its alternative—Photoshop.


##Questions for Tom

1. How did you become interested in Open Source software?
2. What do you think of proprietary software?
