---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

## Pull Request

 [Pull request](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/47)

I fork the repository in my own github. Then I cloned the repository.

> git clone https://github.com/suyasha0/cs480_s18.git

Then I created a new branch. 

> git checkout -b patch-1

Then I made changes on my local machine on that branch, committed my changes, and pushed to my remote fork.

> git commit -m "fixed #40"  

> git push

Then I went to my fork on github.com and created a pull request. I added a bit more details in the decription section of the pull request.

## Code Triage

I signed up for elasticsearch and react-native on Code Triage. I chose Java under languages and saw Elastic Search, and remembered reading about it before so I picked that. Then I chose JavaScript under languages and saw React Native, and picked it because I used React Native for a project before. 

I got sent this pull request as a result of my subscription to react-native: "Update opacity when `disabled` prop is changed #17106". It was a fix to bug #17105, which I looked at as well. The bug seems to have been reviews and confirmed properly, but the pull request has yet to approved because existing react-native moderators have not been able to review the changes yet. The pull request was made about 3 months ago, and includes a string of comments of people complaining about the lack of review for a valid patch while commenting on the lack of moderators. It was interesting to read. I did not think there was any way for me to help.

As a result of my subcription to elastic-search, I got sent this issue: "Search context might not be fully cleaned when scroll search is cancelled #21511". I recognized the username of the poster; the user was a frequent contributor and a moderator of pull requests. The issue was opened a long time ago - November 11, 2016. The issue does not have the usual format of a full description, how to reproduce, and environment- it just has a short paragraph of a possible issue. The user seems to have made the issue more as a a reminder or a note to himself in case the possible bug might cause a problem in the future. He also self-assigned the bug. 


<!--1) Post the link to the pull request that you submitted. Describe step by step what you did to complete the fix and the pull request. You should specifiy all git commands you executed and any other steps that were required. (Basically describe what you did from the momemnt you got the issue to be fixed assigned to you, untill you submitted the pull request). 

2) Describe your code triage experience so far. List the projects that you selected when you signed up for the website. Specify the bugs/issues that you examined based on the emails that you got from the CodeTriage website (if you have not gotten any emails, then change your settings so you start receiving them). For each bug/issue that you examined describe what you thought about it (even if you did not end up taking any action on the bug/issue itself). -->
