---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

 - what type of things are you looking for when you select an open source project to work on?
 	I'm looking for open source projects that I have used or have heard about. I am also looking for projects that have a large need for contributors, and perhaps also projects that have a humanitarian focus. 

 - what are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project? (what are your strengths)
 	My strength is that I will continue to try to solve a problem until it is solved. So if there is a project that needs someone to be able to reproduce a bug or to fix a bug, I will be able to keep working on reproducing or fixing the bug until me or someone else is able to.

 - what are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?
 	I am hoping to learn more about large scale projects- projects that are bigger than an average class project. I also hope to learn more about how developers interact with each other on IRC chats and discussions.

 - what are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning to work on an open source project? 
 	I am most worried about find something to do- finding an issue that is easy enough for me to handle. I am also worried about whether I will be able to follow the contribution guidelines properly. In some repositories, people are quick to downvote comments they feel are not helpful to the issue, so that worries me. 

 - Questions for Aurelia:

 1. When and how did you become interested in open source?
 2. What is a web-cartographer and why are you interested in that field?

