---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

# Data Through Design

I got to view many different works at this exhibit. Each piece of art worked with a different data set and was made with a different question in mind. One piece of art I got to see was Jill Hubley's "Broken Windows and Pink Tickets", an investigating low-level crime in New York City. Hubley hung a strand of string from the top of a wooden structure for each type of crime. The length of the string depicted its frequency. It was interesting to see low-level crimes such as "jaywalking" and "noise (unreasonable)" displayed in such a manner.

Another piece I found interesting was Juan Francisco Saldarriaga and Steven Sanchez's "How We Die" in which Open Data NYC's "Leading Causes of Death" data was utilized. In fact, I had analyzed this same dataset before coming here. Unfortunately, the lights of the display were not working so I couldn't fully experience this piece, but I did notice that the figure representing diseases of the heart was in the front. Diseases of the heart is what causes the most deaths according to this dataset.

[Proof](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/ss8403-weekly/blob/master/_posts/pic2.jpg "My Haiku")

Lastly, there was a computer that wrote haikus. The dataset used was of common professions in New York City. When a large button on the table was pressed, the computer would pick a profession and generate a haiku related to it on the monitor. Once generated, the haiku would be printed out next to the button on a fortune cookie-like paper. When I pressed the button, the profession picked by the computer had a chilling accuracy to my current profession. "Computer Associate", it read. "Experience in database management..." This was exactly what I was doing at my internship.

[Proof](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/ss8403-weekly/blob/master/_posts/pic.jpeg "Proof")




====

