---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


# Cathedral vs Bazaar

  The cathedral is a highly structured and orderly institution consisting of a group of people that are religious enough to attend, while a bazaar is a crowded mix of people with a variety of different origins and intents. Similarly, the traditional form of software development has a structure and a traditional order and planning that is followed, with only a particular subset of people (developers) taking part. While open source developement is less rigid in structure and consists of contributors from a variety of different backgrounds and agendas.
  I personally think I would feel more comfortable with the bazaar style of development because there is less rigidity and more collaboration with different people. Also there is less secrecy in a bazaar type development, so I would have open access to any code. 


# 2 Lessons 

  The two lessons I found the most compelling in this article was #1 and #6. #1 is "Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch." This means that you take a problem that you youself experience- whether its something you find cumbersome in a daily software you use or a mechanical routine you would prefer automated- and code a solution. I find this lessson to ring true because software that is meaningful and useful to the developer usually will be meaningful and useful to others. This is because the developer is creating it because he/she is cannot find an alternative solution that has already been created, so the developer's creation is a neccesity- there is a demand for it. 
  #6 is "Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to rapid code improvement and effective debugging." This ties to #1. Users, who might also be developers, will have a "personal itch" while using the product and thus will be effective hackers. Users themselves documenting bug they find and/or fixing the bus shortens debugging time and improves software quality. I think this is one of the most useful lessons because having users will not only improve your software but require it to be continually maintained- it won't go to waste.
