---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

# Final Week Course Reflections

I'm glad we got exposed to humanitarian projects such as OpenMRS. I think OpenMRS is amazing and learning about the great open source projects out there is precisely one of the reasons I signed up for this class. I'm also glad I was able to read *Cathedral and the Bazaar* and Stallman's *Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software*. These readings were perfect to get a sense of the historical background of open source and I think they are must-reads for any software developer. 

If I could remove one thing from the course it would be git. For some reason three of my classes taught git this year. And I had classes teach it previous semesters as well. I see how important git is, especially for open source, but the way almost every NYU CS course goes over git does not seem efficient. There has to be a better way.

If I could add one thing to this course it would be a timeline for the group project, kind of like how GSOC has a timeline. Students would work on an open source project from the beginning of the course to the end. At the beginning we would be doing things like introducing ourselves on the IRC chat, then we would go on to claiming an issue to work on, then finally fixing the issue. Basically instead of having homework as blog posts, we would just submit our activity on our open source project. (Ex: link to IRC chat introduction, link to claiming an issue, etc.) The project would be done individually instead of as a group. This way every individual student has a connection to their own open source project and its community. I know this may be difficult because of the varying difficulty of issues, but the timeline can be made a bit flexible.
